#summary Manual smoke tests to QA the site.

= Introduction =

These are a basic suite of manual tests to QA the site before live deployment.

= Not logged in =

== Homepage ==

Homepage should show expected content. 

Menus should be as expected.

Site email should be shown.

== Online Shop ==

Basket should be shown

Top level categories should be shown (if present)

Hovering on top level categories should show second level categories (if present)

== Basket ==

'Your basket is empty' should be shown.

== Category ==

Click on category. Products and sub categories should be shown.

= Log in as administrator =

http://<hostname>/shop/Login

Enter admin username: admin@sutekishop.co.uk password: admin

== Add a category ==

Click 'categories'

Click 'new category'
    Name: category1, Parent category: - Root, Active: checked

Click 'Submit Query'

category1 should appear both in the left hand category area and in the main category admin page that should now be shown.

Create a second cagtegory as above but named category2.

== Move a category ==

Click the green 'up arrow' next to category2. category2 should now come before category1 on both the left hand category menu and in the main category page.

Move category1 down again by clicking the down arrow.

== Edit a category ==

On the main category page, click 'Edit' next to category1.

Change the name category1 to category1x.

Click 'Submit Query'

Note changed name in both menu and main page.

== de-activate a category ==

Click 'Edit' next to category1 on the main category page.

Uncheck 'Active'.

Click 'Submit Query'.

Note red cross next to category1.